README.md, before:

# First Fantasy
This is a choose your own adventure game where the player can pick who they want to be and play around in a fantasy world.


## How to install
Unzip the folder and make sure you have the Java Coding Pack installed- if you don't, that executable is included in this set of files. Download that, and simply run FirstFantasy.iml in 
your favorite IDE. 

After that, click into Main.java and hit run to start the game. Type answers when prompted. e.g. Enter your name: Sam



## Current Features
- Branching origin stories and unique dialog for classes
- Lockpicking minigame with unique class interaction and difficulty levels for future use
- Functional inventory system that keeps track of names and quantities

## Future Improvements
For the future there are a few aspects I want to improve. The largest one being DIALOG. It isn't following DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself!)
This is something I want to fix eventually as it will allow me to make more immersive and branching dialog trees without taking so much space.

## Questions Outside of Assignment

Was there any spot outside my dialog that seemed like it could be improved? Organization is a struggle point for me, so I tried to keep things module and organized.

Commit message:

New chapter added, inventory viewable in dialog. Project 2 complete.

README.md, after:

# First Fantasy
This is a choose your own adventure game where the player can pick who they want to be and play around in a fantasy world.


## How to install
Unzip the folder and make sure you have the Java Coding Pack installed- if you don't, that executable is included in this set of files. Download that, and simply run FirstFantasy.iml in 
your favorite IDE. 

After that, click into Main.java and hit run to start the game. Type answers when prompted. e.g. Enter your name: Sam



## Current Features
- Branching origin stories and unique dialog for classes using polymorphism
- Lockpicking minigame with unique class interaction and difficulty levels for future use
- Functional inventory system that keeps track of names and quantities
- Can inspect your inventory during dialog scenes by entering -1. This uses recursion

## Future Improvements
For the future there are a few aspects I want to improve. The largest one being DIALOG. It isn't following DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself!)
This is something I want to fix eventually as it will allow me to make more immersive and branching dialog trees without taking so much space.

Story wise I was too ambitious. I plan to go for more of an epilogue style opening rather than finishing the entire plot. 

## Questions Outside of Assignment

N/A
